Quote by St. John Baptist De La Salle -"I will always look upon the work of my salvation, and the foundation and government of our community, as the work of God; hence I will abandon the care of both to him, acting only through his orders;… I will often consider myself as an instrument which is of no use except in the hands of the workman. Hence I must await the orders of Providence before acting, and be careful to accomplish them when known."
      The point in this quotation is that in everything that we do, we should learn how to do it for the glory of God. Our community is a group of people that should be guided by set of norms.  This set of values should not just serve our human needs and wants. They should fulfill God’s will who is our maker. We should all base every decision we make from the Ten Commandments; which the Maker especially designed to give Humans the order that we need to live harmoniously in our society.  By following His rule, we can find ourselves living a beautiful life.   Therefore, every law or rule that our congress will pass should be in accordance with His supreme commandments. Such as living a life with respect for every human being whether he or she still be in a fetus stage.  Pretty much like the controversial RH Bill. If we push through with it, are we following God’s will? No! Because we are doing something that he doesn’t like. A lot of babies will die if they will allow it.  The purpose of family life is procreation.  Not abortion or killing one’s own child.   On my part, as God’s child I will always do my best to be a spark in everything that I do.  Being a light in this dark world, where a lot of people would rather compromise instead of doing what is right. I believe that we are made in the likeness of God.  Therefore, by nature each one of us is good.  Knowing that, I have great hope in humanity.  By being vigilant, we can all come together and make every spark that we have a supreme light that everyone may see God’s providence.

